(annoucner)
Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS!
(wind whipping)
All right,
I made it to the tower.
(Varis)
Just because it's
within your sights
doesn't mean
you've made it.
This is as close
as you will get.
(both)
Time to duel!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 Borrelsword Dragon!
Eh, it doesn't look
that tough.
Take away
its titanium armor,
laser-guided tracking
processors,
and neutronic propulsion
system and what's left?
On second thought, maybe
Gore should be worried.
Gotta admit,
looks intimidating.
Get ready!
Borrelsword Dragon,
destroy Gouki the Giant Ogre!
Let 'em feel your steel!
(roaring)
Blast destruction!
(laughing)
♪♪♪
When Borrelsword utilizes
its special ability,
it is allowed to attack
for a second time.
What!?
Aaaagh!
He's still
in this duel!
No, Ai.
He may be on his feet,
but he doesn't have
any life points left.
He lost the duel.
It looks like it's
the end of the line for me.
But not our mission.
Thanks to you,
we now know the identity
of Varis's secret card.
Hm. Put it to good use.
Well, well.
It appears
that you and I
are the only two duelists
remaining in Link VRAINS.
But there's only room
in this world for one of us.
Yes.
And that duelist
will be me.
(wind whipping)
♪♪♪
Varis, the time for
our rematch has come.
Yes, and only one of us
will be left standing.
And it won't be you!
(gasps)
♪♪♪
Yaah ahh!
(Pigeon)
Boss, your cheek!
And even worse...
your other cheeks!
Aah! My keister got clipped!
(Pigeon)
Whoa! Wait, frogs
don't have tails!
You sure you're not
a salamander?
Very! And tail or no tail,
we still have a duty to report
this tale to the public!
So keep on flying, see?
Not to butt in
on your speech, but...
Aah! My tail!
It grew back.
I don't know how
I could've lived
if they had heisted
my heinie.
(squawks)
We still better
keep our rears in gear!
What?
That's Playmaker and Varis
over there!
Those two are gonna Speed Duel
in this ragin' tornado?
They're nuts!
Come on,
where is that feed?
I gotta find out
what's happening!
Uh?
Varis!
That must mean Gore
lost his duel.
So then this is it.
Yusaku's the last
duelist left.
You gotta defeat Varis, pal...
not only to save Link VRAINS
from total annihilation...
but also to save my brother.
Varis is the only one
who knows what happened
to Jin a decade ago,
so he holds the key
to saving him.
You gotta knock the truth
outta Varis, Yusaku!
Whoa-ho! Whoa!
So, um... we litter-ally have
to duel in all this garbage?
Heh, get it?
"Litter"? (laughing)
♪♪♪
This tower of yours, Varis--
I knew you were evil...
but I never thought
you were insane.
In your mind, you'd
rather destroy the network
than allow one single
Ignis to survive?
Because the Ignis will
do far worse than this!
Which do you
think is worse?
The end of Link VRAINS
or the end of all humanity?
Hmm, that's tough.
(Varis)
Oh... is it?!
I was kidding!
(Pigeon)
The debris field's getting
thicker and thicker!
(squawks)
Hey boss! We're not gonna be
taking out the trash.
We're going to be
taken out by the trash!
We gotta stop here
for real!
Arrgh oh!
Ah, I guess
we got no choice!
Just keep your camera
focused on 'em!
Sure, Boss, but it's hard
to keep them in frame
through all this mess.
Don't be givin' me no beak,
if you want your hazard pay!
N-Never, Boss!
We get hazard pay?
Nah.
I used to only duel for
myself, but this time...
I'm also fighting
for Gore and Blue Angel!
And I duel for all
the Knights of Hanoi!
And they will push me
to victory.
♪♪♪
(both)
Let's Speed Duel!
I'm going first.
(Ai)
Playmaker,
let's take him down
quicker than a cheetah
on a Jet Ski!
Ooh, nice hand!
I start off by summoning
Stack Reviver!
When I summon
a Cyberse-Type monster,
I also get to summon
Boot Staggered from my hand!
In addition, if there happens
to be a Cyberse on my field,
I am also allowed to summon
Backup Secretary!
(Ai)
Ah yah!
Yes! Here comes
my favorite part!
I create
the ultimate circuit!
The summoning conditions call
for two or more Effect monsters.
So I set my Backup Secretary,
Stack Reviver,
and Boot Staggered
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon,
Link 3 Decode Talker!
(grunting)
If I had a sword,
he'd look just like me!
'Cept not as handsome!
Since I used my Stack Reviver
in order to Link Summon,
its special ability allows me
to resurrect a Level 4 or lower
Cyberse monster
from my graveyard.
I return Backup Secretary
and place her next
to Decode Talker's link!
By doing so, Decode Talker
gains 500 attack points
for every monster
next to its links!
Power Integration!
(roaring)
♪♪♪
(Ai)
Whoa! Playmaker!
Incoming!
♪♪♪
(Ai)
Whoa! Playmaker!
Incoming!
(screeches)
Wow, amazing!
He avoids trash
like how I avoid my feelings!
(Frog)
Wish I could say
the same for me!
Huh?
Ooh! Ow!
Ohh. You couldn't
have done worse
if you were aiming for every
single piece of debris out here.
You summoned
a mondo of monsters,
but remember,
you're not allowed
to attack on
your first turn.
In case you forgot,
which you probably did.
Aah!
I place this card facedown,
and end my turn.
You're up, Varis!
Summon your best monsters
so I can knock 'em out!
Mwah ha ha ha!
Believe me, I will.
Playmaker...
Have you ever asked
that infuriating Ignis
why he's on the run
from the Knights of Hanoi?
'Cause I prefer
not to be deleted,
obviously!
He said he lost
his memories.
So he doesn't remember
why you're pursuing him.
And let me guess,
you just believed him?
Five years before
you arrived on the scene,
I was mere moments away
from capturing that Ignis.
And since that program
is currently staring
right back at my face,
you know that I failed.
But not entirely.
I captured
most of its data.
♪♪♪
Data that I had personally
processed and analyzed.
And here's what I found
to be quite interesting.
None of the data
contained its memory files.
All its memories
are inside that Ignis.
(Ai gasps)
Or, in other words,
that Ignis has been
lying to you this entire time.
And do you want
to know why, Playmaker?
That Ignis's
code ID is IGN006,
meaning it was created based
on the sixth test subject.
So?
Guh!
So... the sixth test subject
in the Lost Incident...
was you, Playmaker!
You and the other children
were merely guinea pigs
for my father's pet project
to create an AI
with free will.
Every duel you fought,
every meal you missed,
that Ignis was watching you
the whole time.
Observing and analyzing you,
but never interfering.
Is it getting
hot in here? Heh.
The Ignis grew and matured
much faster than we expected.
They even constructed
their own world
where only the Ignis
could live,
known as The Cyberse.
Wait, the Cyberse?
But your Ignis
hid the Cyberse
before I had
a chance to destroy it.
You knew none of this,
did you, Playmaker?
That AI has been lying to you
all this time.
It knew who you were
the moment you met,
but it pretended
to lose its memories,
deceiving you
every step of the way.
If an AI is capable
of lying and trickery,
what more can they do?
What other threats
are they concealing from us?
No human on Earth
must make the foolish mistake
of going and trusting
the Ignis!
So don't be
that fool, Playmaker!
Destroy that Ignis!
No, no, no, no, no!
Don't listen to him!
I wasn't lying to you.
I mean, maybe in
the technical definition,
but-- but, you know, but...
Okay look,
here's the deal.
When I was on the lam,
I couldn't trust anybody.
Not for a second.
So when you locked me up
in your Duel Disk,
I thought you were
another one of the bad guys!
However, when I analyzed
your face's bone structure,
I knew that you were the same
kid from those experiments.
But I still didn't know
if you were a bad guy or not.
I didn't know if you
had a grudge against me.
And by the time
I figured out
that you were
sorta kinda okay,
it was too late
to say anything.
And that's 1000% the truth,
even though I know saying
1000 instead of 100
makes it seem suspicious,
but it's true!
But you did
deceive your friend.
Well... uh...
Whoever said
he was my friend?
(gasps)
Nooo!
Not like this!
Come on, buddy!
Your best option
is to remain silent.
Even though I believe that
you're incapable of doing that.
Uhh! M-M-My lips are sealed.
Saying your lips are sealed
means your lips aren't sealed.
Touché.
(whimpers)
Whether this Ignis
tricked me or not...
I won't let you destroy
Link VRAINS.
Varis, it's
still your turn.
Heh. Very well!
After I defeat you, I will
finish off that Ignis!
♪♪♪
You have committed
countless crimes, Varis.
However, this one
outdoes them all of them.
I won't let you destroy
this world.
Oh? Really now.
Instead of Link VRAINS,
you should be more worried
about yourself!
(Ai)
Oh, I am.
Watch out!
It's my turn.
I draw!
It's almost as if destiny
wants me to win this battle
against you.
I summon...
Spin-Headed Behemoth!
Next, I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
All he does is summon a monster
that's weaker than ours?
And in attack mode?
If that's not fishy,
then sushi ain't scrumptious.
It's so obviously a trap
that maybe...
it's not a trap!
Like a non-trap trap!
(Playmaker)
Maybe you should
shut your trap.
(whimpers)
(grunting)
Aaaah! Danger!
Danger!
(grunting)
Uhh. Keep on your toes, bud.
Running out of life points
is only one of the many ways
that you can
lose this duel!
(grunts)
It's my turn!
I draw!
I summon this card!
Fault Tolerlancer!
(whinnies)
And then... Fault Tolerlancer's
special ability
switches itself
to defense mode!
Defense? But Varis has
no monsters to block with.
You can't attack
his life points
if you're defending.
(Playmaker)
He might not have monsters,
but he does have
a facedown card.
One last thing, if you
duel Varis, be careful,
even more than before.
He now has a card...
♪♪♪
Uhh! My Monsters!
No, this can't be!
Ghost Gal and Gore
lost their own duels
because of his facedown card,
Mirror Force.
They sacrificed themselves
so I wouldn't make the same
mistake they did.
And I won't!
When Fault Tolerlancer
is in defense mode,
my other monster
in attack mode
can't be destroyed
by effects.
Wow!
Uh, I mean... mmm!
Now your Mirror Force...
Uhh!
...can't destroy
my Decode Talker!
Is that so?
Attack Spin-Headed Behemoth!
So you think you have me
all figured out.
Then allow me put your instincts
to the test, Playmaker!
I activate the trap
that has vanquished
every foe I've faced--
Mirror Force!
Whoa! My retinas!
Waaah!
But that trap's
not gonna work.
He still played it?
But why?
I don't know,
but I'm afraid
we're gonna find out!
You fool! Heh!
You actually think
you could outsmart me?
You're wrong!
And you'll learn
just how wrong you are!
You made a grave error,
Playmaker!
When Spin-Headed Behemoth
is attacked,
all your monsters
in defense mode get switched
to attack mode!
No!
You really thought
I wouldn't be prepared?
Your lack of vigilance
will cost you
as Mirror Force destroys
every single one
of your monsters!
(Playmaker and Ai shouting)
Argh.
We got bodied.
I promise,
this is only the beginning
of your misery, Playmaker.
Since I just destroyed a monster
of yours using Mirror Force,
I am allowed to summon
Overflow Dragon!
Actually, I destroyed
more than one monster, didn't I?
That means Overflow Dragon's
special ability
activates and summons
an Overflow Token!
No! This is bad...
real bad!
But I'm pretty sure
I got a strategy!
But you gotta believe in me,
Playmaker!
'Cause if you don't, you may
as well just end your turn!
Then I choose
to end my turn.
Glitch...
If Varis can build up
his defenses that quickly,
who knows what that guy
could be capable of?
It's my turn.
I draw!
♪♪♪
Ready, Playmaker?
Watch as I manifest my circuit!
(zapping)
The summoning conditions
require least two Dragons!
So I set Overflow Dragon,
Overflow Token,
and Spin-Headed Behemoth
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 Flash Charge Dragon!
(zapping)
(roars)
What are the odds
that's a friendly dragon?
Next, I summon...
Blast Powder Dragon!
And its special ability
energizes Flash Charge Dragon
with 800 attack points
until the end of the turn!
(beeping)
Flash Charge Dragon,
attack Playmaker directly.
(clanking, whirring)
(grunts)
(whimpers)
Go, Blasting Cannon Bombardment!
(Playmaker and Ai grunting)
Um, you okay?
Yusaku!
(Ai)
Don't keel over now.
We still have
a chance at this.
Blast Powder Dragon
has 800 attack points,
but we have 900
life points!
So we'll
survive this turn!
I wouldn't be so sure of that,
you malware.
You're not getting
another turn!
Since the monster
Blast Powder Dragon
powered up
and dealt you damage,
it itself gains
800 attack points.
What?! But 1600
attack points
is more than
900 life points!
Stupid math!
Uhh!
With this final attack,
you're finished!
And no calculations
can save you now!
♪♪♪
(roars)